services/graphql/README.md, before:

# Appsync

Moved prior used appsync code here for now as to decouple from other packages.
It's harder to develop each service with graphql layer at this time. Rather it
be single abstract, which is more inline with graphql concept.

## TODO

See if schema can automated be generated from other microservices open api
<https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators/graphql-schema>

## AWS, GraphQL, AppSync, etc

- <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v1/docs/aws-appsync-readme.html>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/things-to-consider-when-you-build-a-graphql-api-with-aws-appsync/>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?trk=41731cf6-f5eb-4611-81ef-f2914ec706b5&sc_channel=ps&sc_campaign=acquisition&sc_medium=GC-PMM|PS-GO|Brand|All|PA|Mobile%20Services|Amplify|US|EN|Text|PMO22-13306&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!588971138398!e!!g!!amazon%20appsync&ef_id=EAIaIQobChMIvpnDkMv09wIVAD-tBh0vigdrEAAYASAAEgJNf_D_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!588971138398!e!!g!!amazon%20appsync>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/building-scalable-graphql-apis-on-aws-with-cdk-and-aws-appsync/>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/building-real-time-serverless-apis-with-postgres-cdk-typescript-and-aws-appsync/>

Commit message:

feat: deploy appsync (#335)
Make appsync deployable

services/graphql/README.md, after:

# @cats-cradle/graphql

This is a GraphQL service used to query other microservices. Rather than each
service having its own GraphQL service, this is a single abstract, which is more
inline with graphql concept.

## TODO

See if schema can automated be generated from other microservices open api
<https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators/graphql-schema>

## References

AWS, GraphQL, AppSync, etc

- <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v1/docs/aws-appsync-readme.html>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/things-to-consider-when-you-build-a-graphql-api-with-aws-appsync/>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?trk=41731cf6-f5eb-4611-81ef-f2914ec706b5&sc_channel=ps&sc_campaign=acquisition&sc_medium=GC-PMM|PS-GO|Brand|All|PA|Mobile%20Services|Amplify|US|EN|Text|PMO22-13306&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!588971138398!e!!g!!amazon%20appsync&ef_id=EAIaIQobChMIvpnDkMv09wIVAD-tBh0vigdrEAAYASAAEgJNf_D_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!588971138398!e!!g!!amazon%20appsync>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/building-scalable-graphql-apis-on-aws-with-cdk-and-aws-appsync/>
- <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/building-real-time-serverless-apis-with-postgres-cdk-typescript-and-aws-appsync/>
