libraries/faker-factory/README.md, before:

# @org-library/faker-factory

FakerFactory creates fakes of classes for testing purposes.

It creates a faker object by first inferring each property's type based the
class-validator decorator. Next, it changes the object to a schema then it
generates fake data for each property. Lastly, the faked object is instantiated
and returned.

## Example

Create a new fake by importing the library and the class to be faked and call
factory.

```typescript
import { FakerFactory } from '@org-library/faker-factory';
import { Person } from './person.ts';

const fakerPerson = await FakerFactory.create<Person>(Person, { passed: true });

console.log(fakerPerson);
```

```json
{
  "id": "4cb85e06-1060-4bed-8224-14ec39e0dfa9",
  "firstName": "irure in",
  "currency": "887.56",
  "visits": -91521537.9856908,
  "passed": true
}
```

```typescript
// person.ts
import {
  IsString,
  IsNumber,
  IsBoolean,
  IsUUID,
  IsCurrency,
  ValidateNested,
} from 'class-validator';
import { Type } from 'class-transformer';

export class Person {
  @IsUuid();
  public id: string;

  @IsString()
  @Length(0,50)
  @IsOptional()
  public firstName: string;

  @IsCurrency()
  public currency: string;

  @IsNumber()
  public visits: number;

  @IsBoolean()
  public passed: boolean;

  @IsOptional()
  @ValidateNested({ each: true })
  @Type(() => Person)
  public guests: Person[];
}
```

## Assumptions

In typescript object data can be faked based on either: the decorator, the
property name, or property typehint.

Although property names should remain somewhat consistant, it is unreasonable
many-to-many relationship to maintain for faking purposes. Generating values
based on typehinting is less then ideal due to compiled code being type agnostic
and special tsc requirements.

Class-validator decorators and schema was choosen for the following reasons.

- Decorators are already present when using class-validation.
- Faker data should not just be fake, it should be valid and meet
  class-validator requirements.
- If a class-validator requires a string length faker data should meet that
  requirement.
- It is easy to create new class-validator decorators and extend functionality.

## Documentation

- [F.I.R.S.T Principles of Testing](https://medium.com/@tasdikrahman/f-i-r-s-t-principles-of-testing-1a497acda8d6>6)
- [Fake vs Mock](https://medium.com/@june.pravin/mocking-is-not-practical-use-fakes-e30cc6eaaf4e)
- [Faking vs Mocking vs Stubbing](https://www.educative.io/answers/what-is-faking-vs-mocking-vs-stubbinghttps://www.educative.io/answers/what-is-faking-vs-mocking-vs-stubbing)
- [fakerJs](https://fakerjs.dev/api/date.html#date)
- [class-transformer](https://github.com/typestack/class-transformer/tree/master)
- [class-validator](https://github.com/typestack/class-validator)
- [class-validator jsonschema](https://github.com/epiphone/class-validator-jsonschema)

## TODO

- [ ] Itergrate with swagger e.g.
      <https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/n4giff/automatic_fake_json_data_creation_from_schema/>
      <https://github.com/subeeshcbabu-zz/swagmock>

Commit message:

feat: add settings for probability (#83)
Add probability setting.

Signed-off-by: hxtree <matthew.heroux@gmail.com>

libraries/faker-factory/README.md, after:

# @org-library/faker-factory

FakerFactory creates fakes of classes with class-validator decorators for
testing purposes.

It creates a faker object by first inferring each property's type based the
class-validator decorator. Next, it changes the object to a schema then it
generates fake data for each property. Lastly, the faked object is instantiated
and returned.

## Getting Started

Create a fake by calling the FakerFactory.

```typescript
import { FakerFactory } from '@org-library/faker-factory';
import { Person } from './person.ts';

const fakerPerson = await FakerFactory.create<Person>(Person, { passed: true });
```

```json
// console.log(fakerPerson);
{
  "id": "4cb85e06-1060-4bed-8224-14ec39e0dfa9",
  "firstName": "irure in",
  "currency": "887.56",
  "visits": -91521537.9856908,
  "passed": true
}
```

```typescript
// person.ts
import {
  IsString,
  IsNumber,
  IsBoolean,
  IsUUID,
  IsCurrency,
  ValidateNested,
} from 'class-validator';
import { Type } from 'class-transformer';

export class Person {
  @IsUuid();
  public id: string;

  @IsString()
  @Length(0,50)
  @IsOptional()
  public firstName: string;

  @IsCurrency()
  public currency: string;

  @IsNumber()
  public visits: number;

  @IsBoolean()
  public passed: boolean;

  @IsOptional()
  @ValidateNested({ each: true })
  @Type(() => Person)
  public guests: Person[];
}
```

## Settings

The FakerFactory accepts a third optional parameter for settings. Settings are
used to change the way the FakerFactory works. Adjusting the settings can be
useful for when writting unit tests on optional fields.

| Property    | Descripion                             | Possible Values        |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| probability | probability for faking optional fields | 0, ... 0.5, ... 1      |
| optionals   | whether to fake optional fields        | true, false, undefined |

```typescript
const Person = await FakerFactory.create<Person>(
  Person,
  {},
  { optionals: true },
);
```

## Assumptions

In typescript object data can be faked based on either: the decorator, the
property name, or property typehint.

Although property names should remain somewhat consistant, it is unreasonable
many-to-many relationship to maintain for faking purposes. Generating values
based on typehinting is less then ideal due to compiled code being type agnostic
and special tsc requirements.

Class-validator decorators and schema was choosen for the following reasons.

- Decorators are already present when using class-validation.
- Faker data should not just be fake, it should be valid and meet
  class-validator requirements.
- If a class-validator requires a string length faker data should meet that
  requirement.
- It is easy to create new class-validator decorators and extend functionality.

## References

- [F.I.R.S.T Principles of Testing](https://medium.com/@tasdikrahman/f-i-r-s-t-principles-of-testing-1a497acda8d6)
- [Fake vs Mock](https://medium.com/@june.pravin/mocking-is-not-practical-use-fakes-e30cc6eaaf4e)
- [Faking vs Mocking vs Stubbing](https://www.educative.io/answers/what-is-faking-vs-mocking-vs-stubbinghttps://www.educative.io/answers/what-is-faking-vs-mocking-vs-stubbing)
- [fakerJs](https://fakerjs.dev/api/date.html#date)
- [class-transformer](https://github.com/typestack/class-transformer/tree/master)
- [class-validator](https://github.com/typestack/class-validator)
- [class-validator jsonschema](https://github.com/epiphone/class-validator-jsonschema)

## TODO

- [ ] Itergrate with swagger e.g.
      <https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/n4giff/automatic_fake_json_data_creation_from_schema/>
      <https://github.com/subeeshcbabu-zz/swagmock>
