/game-project ├── /assets # Folder for static assets (images, sounds, fonts,
etc.) │ ├── /images # Images (sprites, backgrounds, etc.) │ ├── /sounds # Sound
files (music, sound effects, etc.) │ └── /fonts # Fonts used for text rendering
├── /src # Main source code │ ├── /core # Core systems like game loop, event
handling, etc. │ │ ├── gameLoop.js # Main game loop (where the game runs) │ │
├── events.js # Event system (handles input, timers, etc.) │ │ └── utils.js #
General utility functions (e.g., helpers) │ ├── /entities # Game entities
(player, enemies, NPCs, etc.) │ │ ├── player.js # Player entity and logic │ │
├── enemy.js # Enemy AI and logic │ │ └── npc.js # Non-playable character logic
(optional) │ ├── /input # Input handling (keyboard, mouse, touch, etc.) │ │ ├──
inputManager.js # Handles user inputs and updates player state │ │ └──
keybindings.js # Custom key binding configuration (optional) │ ├── /physics #
Physics (collision detection, gravity, etc.) │ │ ├── physics.js # Basic physics
engine (collision detection, movement) │ │ └── collision.js # Logic for
detecting and resolving collisions │ ├── /render # Rendering logic (drawing game
objects to the canvas) │ │ ├── renderer.js # Handles drawing entities to the
canvas │ │ ├── sprite.js # Sprite and animation handling │ │ └── background.js #
Drawing and scrolling background logic │ ├── /audio # Audio management (sound
effects, music) │ │ ├── audioManager.js # Handles playing sound effects and
music │ │ └── soundEffects.js # Helper functions for specific sound events │ ├──
/ui # User interface (HUD, menus, etc.) │ │ ├── hud.js # Handles rendering the
heads-up display (health bar, score) │ │ ├── menu.js # Logic for menu screens
(start, pause, etc.) │ │ └── button.js # Logic for interactive buttons │ ├──
/networking # Multiplayer and server-client communication (if applicable) │ │
├── networkManager.js # Handles sending and receiving data from the server │ │
└── sync.js # Synchronizing game state across clients │ ├── /state # Game state
management (e.g., levels, score, timers) │ │ ├── gameState.js # Manages overall
game state (playing, paused, etc.) │ │ └── level.js # Handles level transitions,
enemy spawns, etc. │ └── /config # Configuration files (game settings,
constants, etc.) │ ├── config.js # Game-wide settings like resolution, speed,
etc. │ └── constants.js # Constants for the game (e.g., gravity, max health) ├──
/public # Public assets (HTML, main entry point for the app) │ ├── index.html #
Main HTML file (canvas, game setup) │ ├── style.css # Styling for the game
(optional) │ └── /scripts # Any global scripts (e.g., game initializations) └──
package.json # NPM dependencies and build scripts (if using node/npm)
