services/dialogue-service/public/en/acts/2_soldiers-bed/README.md, before:

# Act 2: Soldiers Bed

> **WARNING** Spoiler alert.

## Plot

1. Meeku is discovered by a passing group of soldiers who give him water and
   place him in a covered cart. As they travel for days, Meeku's condition
   worsens.
2. Three days later, the convoy is attacked by a fearsome enemy known as a
   desert worm. While the soldiers are falling one by one, Gunter, the leader of
   the group, manages to keep the beast at bay. Meeku wakes up from his sickbed
   and joins the fight, ultimately defeating the worm with Gunter's help.
   Impressed by Meeku's bravery, Gunter asks for his name, but Meeku can't
   recall it, so Gunter dubs him "Kid" from then on.
3. Meeku decides to join the soldiers in their barracks with tall wooden walls,
   not knowing much about his past. He forms a strong bond with Gunter, who
   becomes a father figure to him. As Meeku recovers his memory, he becomes
   quiet and focused, eventually becoming Gunter's right-hand man. He remembers
   his quest to find his brother and makes plans on doing so after his service
   as a soldier comes to an end.
4. Meeku's service is almost over, but he's sent on a mission with two fellow
   soldiers, including Malace Tsia, a dark and emotionless character. The battle
   lasts for hours, and only Gunter, Meeku, and Malace Tsia remain at the end.
   Gunter is fatally wounded and seems to die.
5. After Meeku protects Malace Tsia from the enemy long enough for him to use
   his final attack and kill it, they begin to bury the bodies. Suddenly, Gunter
   rises and mortally wounds Malace Tsia. Meeku is shocked when Gunter reveals
   that he had brought them to this battle with the intention of letting them
   die. Meeku fights against Gunter and manages to sever a green gem that Gunter
   had been using as a regeneration shard, ultimately defeating him. On his
   death bed, Gunter reveals to Meeku that he was just following orders and
   cries, admitting that all he knows as a soldier is how to follow orders. This
   is the first time Meeku has seen Gunter cry. Meeku helps Malace Tsia and they
   continue on their journey to find his brother.

## Notes

- After this Act Meeku and Malace are considered XSoldiers and are enemies of
  Soldier.

Commit message:

docs: add enlist keyword
Signed-off-by: hxtree <matthew.heroux@gmail.com>

services/dialogue-service/public/en/acts/2_soldiers-bed/README.md, after:

# Act 2: Soldiers Bed

> **WARNING** Spoiler alert.

## Plot

1. Meeku is discovered by a passing group of soldiers who give him water and
   place him in a covered cart. As they travel for days, Meeku's condition
   worsens.
2. Three days later, the convoy is attacked by a fearsome enemy known as a
   desert worm. While the soldiers are falling one by one, Gunter, the leader of
   the group, manages to keep the beast at bay. Meeku wakes up from his sickbed
   and joins the fight, ultimately defeating the worm with Gunter's help.
   Impressed by Meeku's bravery, Gunter asks for his name, but Meeku can't
   recall it, so Gunter dubs him "Kid" from then on. The party head back to
   their barrack with tall wooden walls.
3. Meeku not knowing much about his past decides to enlist in Soldiers. He forms
   a strong bond with Gunter, who becomes a father figure to him. As Meeku
   recovers his memory, he becomes quiet and focused, eventually becoming
   Gunter's right-hand man. He remembers his quest to find his brother and makes
   plans on doing so after his service as a soldier comes to an end.
4. Meeku's service is almost over, but he's sent on a mission with two fellow
   soldiers, including Malace Tsia, a dark and emotionless character. The battle
   lasts for hours, and only Gunter, Meeku, and Malace Tsia remain at the end.
   Gunter is fatally wounded and seems to die.
5. After Meeku protects Malace Tsia from the enemy long enough for him to use
   his final attack and kill it, they begin to bury the bodies. Suddenly, Gunter
   rises and mortally wounds Malace Tsia. Meeku is shocked when Gunter reveals
   that he had brought them to this battle with the intention of letting them
   die. Meeku fights against Gunter and manages to sever a green gem that Gunter
   had been using as a regeneration shard, ultimately defeating him. On his
   death bed, Gunter reveals to Meeku that he was just following orders and
   cries, admitting that all he knows as a soldier is how to follow orders. This
   is the first time Meeku has seen Gunter cry. Meeku helps Malace Tsia and they
   continue on their journey to find his brother.

## Notes

- After this Act Meeku and Malace are considered XSoldiers and are enemies of
  Soldier.
