libraries/nestjs-modules/README.md, before:

# @cats-cradle/nestjs-modules

NestJsModules contains select reusable injectable NestJs modules for use in
other packages maintainly perstaining to AWS workflows.

## Modules

The modules are specific to workloads running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and
are as follows:

- **SnsService**: A service for publishing AWS SNS messages.
- **S3Service**: A service for interacting with objects in AWS S3.
- **MessageService**: A service that uses a schema abstraction layer on top of
  SnsService to make publishing, subscribing, and testing events that adhere to
  a schema even easier.
- **rootMongooseModule**: Makes interacting and testing with persistent data in
  MongoDB using Mongoose easier. Do not use this inside tests.
- **rootMongooseTestModule**: Makes testing Mongoose easier using a
  MongoMemoryServer. Invoke `closeInMongodConnection` to close connection after
  each test or after all test within a file depending on need to clear test
  data.

## Documentation

- [Mongodb-memory-server](https://github.com/nodkz/mongodb-memory-server)
- [NestJS Mongoose Example](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/14-mongoose-base)
- [NestJS Configuration](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/configuration#getting-started)

Commit message:

feat: switch to jest mongo in memory server instance (#358)
Signed-off-by: hxtree <matthew.heroux@gmail.com>

libraries/nestjs-modules/README.md, after:

# @cats-cradle/nestjs-modules

NestJsModules contains select reusable injectable NestJs modules for use in
other packages, mainly pertaining to AWS workflows.

## Modules

The modules are specific to workloads running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and
are as follows:

- **SnsService**: A service for publishing AWS SNS messages.
- **S3Service**: A service for interacting with objects in AWS S3.
- **MessageService**: A service that uses a schema abstraction layer on top of
  SnsService to make publishing, subscribing, and testing events that adhere to
  a schema even easier.
- **rootMongooseModule**: Makes interacting and testing with persistent data in
  MongoDB using Mongoose easier. Do not use this inside tests.
- **rootMongooseTestModule**: Makes testing Mongoose easier using a
  MongoMemoryServer. Invoke `closeInMongodConnection` to close connection after
  each test or after all test within a file depending on need to clear test
  data.

## Documentation

- [Jest Using with MongoDB](https://jestjs.io/docs/mongodb)
- [Mongodb-memory-server](https://github.com/nodkz/mongodb-memory-server)
- [NestJS Mongoose Example](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/14-mongoose-base)
- [NestJS Configuration](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/configuration#getting-started)
