platform/rush-coverage/README.md, before:

# @cats-cradle/rush-coverage

RushCoverage is a code coverage consolidation tool for RushJs based monorepos.

It consolidates code coverage reports from multiple projects into one report.
This allows for one coverage badge to cover the entire monorepo or one badge to
coverage each team, etc. as to help promote team ownership of code base.

This can be useful for continuous integration purposes. It can also be useful
for simultaneously browsing coverage html, et al. reports for the entire repo.

## Usage

Beforehand, use Jest (or similar) to generate
`**/**/coverage/coverage-final.json` coverage reports for each project.

Now that it's ready, run the script to merge coverage files from all projects
into a single report:

```bash
npx @cats-cradle/rush-coverage@1.1.4
```

That's it! The consolidated code coverage reports are generated to cwd
`./coverage`. Reports can reviewed manually or integrated into CI.

### Github Action

This is an example of how to use a Github Action, RushCoverage, and third party
-- in this case [Codacy](https://www.codacy.com/) -- to generate code coverage
in CI.

See vendor specific documentation for instructions on coverage submission,
badging, pr feedback, etc.

```yaml
name: CodeCoverage

on:
  workflow_call:
    secrets:
      CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN:
        required: true

jobs:
  rush-coverage:
    name: rush coverage
    timeout-minutes: 15
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: checkout repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Setup Node
        uses: actions/setup-node@v3
        with:
          node-version: '16.18.0'

      - name: Rush install
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js install

      - name: Rush build
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js build

      - name: Rush test with coverage
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js test:cov

      - name: Merge coverage reports
        run: npx @cats-cradle/rush-coverage@1.1.4

      - name: Submit merged coverage report
        uses: codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter-action@v1.3.0
        with:
          project-token: ${{ secrets.CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN }}
          coverage-reports: coverage/lcov.info
```

> **Note** Change `test:cov` command as specific to your monorepo setup. Set
> secrets, in this case `CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN`, as necessary in Github.

## How it Works

RushCoverage works by obtaining a list of all projects from `rush.json`. Then
gather a list of all coverage files from each project with a compatible
`./coverage/coverage-final.json` . It then combines all the coverage files found
into one consolidated coverage report.

Commit message:

fix: rush lib bump to match rush.json (#329)
---------

Signed-off-by: hxtree <matthew.heroux@gmail.com>

platform/rush-coverage/README.md, after:

# @cats-cradle/rush-coverage

RushCoverage is a code coverage consolidation tool for RushJs based monorepos.

It consolidates code coverage reports from multiple projects into one report.
This allows for one coverage badge to cover the entire monorepo or one badge to
coverage each team, etc. as to help promote team ownership of code base.

This can be useful for continuous integration purposes. It can also be useful
for simultaneously browsing coverage html, et al. reports for the entire repo.

## Usage

Beforehand, use Jest (or similar) to generate
`**/**/coverage/coverage-final.json` coverage reports for each project.

Now that it's ready, run the script to merge coverage files from all projects
into a single report:

```bash
npx @cats-cradle/rush-coverage@1.1.4
```

> **Note** Make sure the version of @microsoft/rush-lib specified in `rush.json`
> matches the dependencies specified in this package.

That's it! The consolidated code coverage reports are generated to cwd
`./coverage`. Reports can reviewed manually or integrated into CI.

### Github Action

This is an example of how to use a Github Action, RushCoverage, and third party
-- in this case [Codacy](https://www.codacy.com/) -- to generate code coverage
in CI.

See vendor specific documentation for instructions on coverage submission,
badging, pr feedback, etc.

```yaml
name: CodeCoverage

on:
  workflow_call:
    secrets:
      CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN:
        required: true

jobs:
  rush-coverage:
    name: rush coverage
    timeout-minutes: 15
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: checkout repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Setup Node
        uses: actions/setup-node@v3
        with:
          node-version: '16.18.0'

      - name: Rush install
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js install

      - name: Rush build
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js build

      - name: Rush test with coverage
        run: node common/scripts/install-run-rush.js test:cov

      - name: Merge coverage reports
        run: npx @cats-cradle/rush-coverage@1.1.4

      - name: Submit merged coverage report
        uses: codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter-action@v1.3.0
        with:
          project-token: ${{ secrets.CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN }}
          coverage-reports: coverage/lcov.info
```

> **Note** Change `test:cov` command as specific to your monorepo setup. Set
> secrets, in this case `CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN`, as necessary in Github.

## How it Works

RushCoverage works by obtaining a list of all projects from `rush.json`. Then
gather a list of all coverage files from each project with a compatible
`./coverage/coverage-final.json` . It then combines all the coverage files found
into one consolidated coverage report.
