platform/aws-org-formation/README.md, before:

# AWS Org Formation

The AWS Organization is initialized, managed, and synced using
[AWS Organization Formation](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli).

## Getting Started

1. Login to the AWS Management Console. Go to Org Formations and create an Org.

2. Use an existing IAM user with adequately permissions or create an
   [Administrator IAM user](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediapackage/latest/ug/setting-up-create-iam-user.html).
   Set user or Administrator `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`
   credentials in ~/.aws/credentials if missing.

3. Initialize the organization using a user with adequate permission or the
   Administrator profile recently added. This pulls changes for the AWS
   Organization to the Org template file.

   ```bash
   org-formation init organization.yml --profile=Administrator --region us-east-2
   ```

## Updating Org

1. Edit the desired YAML files within this directory making the desired change.
   Org Formation does not delete accounts. Accounts must be deleted from within
   AWS.

2. Update the Organization resources using a user with adequate permissions.

   ```bash
   org-formation update organization.yml --profile=Administrator
   ```

## Need help?

```bash
org-formation --help
```

## Documentation

- [AWS Control Tower](https://aws.amazon.com/controltower/) serves a similar
  purposes. However AWS Control Tower for CDK is currently a
  [RFC](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk-rfcs/issues/81). Org Formation was
  selected for managing user accounts as it is a mature project.
- [Org Unit Best Practices](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/best-practices-for-organizational-units-with-aws-organizations/?org_product_rc_OUBlog).
- [Generating an Organization](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli/blob/master/docs/articles/org-formation.md#generating-an-organizationyml-file).

Commit message:

feat: add sub domain and cert to org formation
Signed-off-by: hxtree <matthew.heroux@gmail.com>

platform/aws-org-formation/README.md, after:

# AWS Org Formation

The AWS Organization is initialized, managed, and synced using
[AWS Organization Formation](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli).

## Domain Registration

Domain registration is done manually via Route 53. Populate domainName. Delete
any hostedZone in master account as org formation will create one.

## Getting Started

1. Login to the AWS Management Console. Go to Org Formations and create an Org.

2. Use an existing IAM user with adequately permissions or create an
   [Administrator IAM user](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediapackage/latest/ug/setting-up-create-iam-user.html).
   Set user or Administrator `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`
   credentials in ~/.aws/credentials if missing.

3. Initialize the organization using a user with adequate permission or the
   Administrator profile recently added. This pulls changes for the AWS
   Organization to the Org template file.

   ```bash
   org-formation init organization.yml --profile=Administrator --region us-east-2
   ```

## Updating Org

1. Edit the desired YAML files within this directory making the desired change.
   Org Formation does not delete accounts. Accounts must be deleted from within
   AWS.

2. Update the Organization resources using a user with adequate permissions.

   ```bash
   org-formation update organization.yml --profile=Administrator
   ```

## Need help?

```bash
org-formation --help
```

## Documentation

- [AWS Control Tower](https://aws.amazon.com/controltower/) serves a similar
  purposes. However AWS Control Tower for CDK is currently a
  [RFC](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk-rfcs/issues/81). Org Formation was
  selected for managing user accounts as it is a mature project.
- [Org Unit Best Practices](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/best-practices-for-organizational-units-with-aws-organizations/?org_product_rc_OUBlog).
- [Generating an Organization](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli/blob/master/docs/articles/org-formation.md#generating-an-organizationyml-file).
