docs/architecture-guidelines.md, before:

# Architecture Guidelines

The guide below describes guidelines applicable to repository.

## Infrastructure as a Service
AWS was selected a single IaaS provider. 
This project assumes it will fail before AWS does.
Vendor lockin/buyin allows leveraging numerous undifferentiated services.
For this project that outweighs being cloud agnostic.

## Monorepo
The project is designed as a monorepo instead of polyrepo.
Apps will be mostly serverless microservices and a monorepo is believed to help streamline changes.

## Monorepo Manager
Microsoft backed Rush was selected over Nx, Lerna, etc. for monorepo management.

## Typescript
Javascript was selected as a base language for microservices due to its performance and omnipresence. 
Microsoft backed Typescript compiling is used for Javascript.
Typescript offers typehinting, easies in maintenance, and code readability.

## Repo Structure
Parent project folder structure mimics that of Microsoft Rushstack.

## Package Manager
PNPM was selected for as the Javascript package manager over Yarn and NPM. 
Yarn workspaces are not supported in Rush, which would be the primary motivation behind using Yarn.
Micosoft purchased NPM, but it remains infamous. 
PNPM uses symlinks which helps minimize dependency storage.

## Heft
Rush Heft was selected to build Typescript projects mainly because it accompanies Rush. 
Heft Node Rig was selected as many projects will have same configuration.

## AWS CDK
AWS CDK was selected instead of [Serverless Framework](https://github.com/serverless-stack/serverless-stack). 
When it comes down to it, SST is an unecessary and incomplete abstraction layer. 
SST live lambda development works using serverless website. 
There does not appear to be a need to add a reliance on SST.
SST future plans, incentives, and kickback are questionable. 

## AWS SSO
AWS SSO was selected for authentication over hard coded credentials for easy of maintenance and security.

## Documentation
Documentation as code is desired.
Documentation should be maintained where it will be looked for.
Tsdoc was selected as a standard for writing Typescript documentation.
Typedoc was selected to compile documentation as code.

## Deployments
`rush deploy`  is intentially not used. 
It copies files from projects to a deployment folder including applicable dependencies. 
Instead apps deploy themselves using CDK stacks via `rushx deploy`.

## Mobile Client
There is a healthy marketplace for mobile games to making frontend mobile according to [app revenue sources](https://www.businessofapps.com/data/app-revenues/).
Healthy enough where using a frontend mobile client makes sense. 
Mobile clients now feature adaquate hardware unlike in 2005.

## Unity for Mobile Client
Although the server side uses JS based microsevices, etc. there isn't much of a marketplace for a JS game client.
It's best to use established tools designed for game design to focus on indiferented code.
ThreeJS is neat library for generating 3D graphics.
However, Unity seems like it would reduce barrier to marketplace entry.

## Considering
* Contracts for interdependent apps, possibly https://nestjs.com/ .
* Codegen: yeoman-generator, plopjs, hygen, etc.

Commit message:

Switch from Unity to Unreal

docs/architecture-guidelines.md, after:

# Architecture Guidelines

The guide below describes guidelines applicable to repository.

## Infrastructure as a Service
AWS was selected a single IaaS provider. 
This project assumes it will fail before AWS does.
Vendor lockin/buyin allows leveraging numerous undifferentiated services.
For this project that outweighs being cloud agnostic.

## Monorepo
The project is designed as a monorepo instead of polyrepo.
Apps will be mostly serverless microservices and a monorepo is believed to help streamline changes.

## Monorepo Manager
Microsoft backed Rush was selected over Nx, Lerna, etc. for monorepo management.

## Typescript
Javascript was selected as a base language for microservices due to its performance and omnipresence. 
Microsoft backed Typescript compiling is used for Javascript.
Typescript offers typehinting, easies in maintenance, and code readability.

## Repo Structure
Parent project folder structure mimics that of Microsoft Rushstack.

## Package Manager
PNPM was selected for as the Javascript package manager over Yarn and NPM. 
Yarn workspaces are not supported in Rush, which would be the primary motivation behind using Yarn.
Micosoft purchased NPM, but it remains infamous. 
PNPM uses symlinks which helps minimize dependency storage.

## Heft
Rush Heft was selected to build Typescript projects mainly because it accompanies Rush. 
Heft Node Rig was selected as many projects will have same configuration.

## AWS CDK
AWS CDK was selected instead of [Serverless Framework](https://github.com/serverless-stack/serverless-stack). 
When it comes down to it, SST is an unecessary and incomplete abstraction layer. 
SST live lambda development works using serverless website. 
There does not appear to be a need to add a reliance on SST.
SST future plans, incentives, and kickback are questionable. 

## AWS SSO
AWS SSO was selected for authentication over hard coded credentials for easy of maintenance and security.

## Documentation
Documentation as code is desired.
Documentation should be maintained where it will be looked for.
Tsdoc was selected as a standard for writing Typescript documentation.
Typedoc was selected to compile documentation as code.

## Deployments
`rush deploy`  is intentially not used. 
It copies files from projects to a deployment folder including applicable dependencies. 
Instead apps deploy themselves using CDK stacks via `rushx deploy`.

## Mobile Client
There is a healthy marketplace for mobile games to making frontend mobile according to [app revenue sources](https://www.businessofapps.com/data/app-revenues/).
Healthy enough where using a frontend mobile client makes sense. 
Mobile clients now feature adaquate hardware unlike in 2005.

## 3D
The original tech demo engine was built as an isometric game engine.
However creating a isometric spritemap for each object becomes time consuming and difficult to manage changes.
It is easier to generate frames using 3D.
Performance of 3D on mobile has drastically improved in the last 20 years.

## Unreal for Mobile Client
Although the server side uses JS based microsevices, etc. there isn't much of a marketplace for a JS game client.
ThreeJS is neat library for generating 3D graphics but it is not a game engine.
It is best to use established tools designed for game design as to focus on what matters.
The primary choices known are Unreal and Unity and both would seeminglly help reduce barrier to marketplace entry.
If the mobile games was 2D, Unity would be a primary choice.
Unreal comes with partically everything needed for a 3D game.
Building a for Andriod is much easier using Unity but Unreal can do it too.
As to increase velocity but avoiding the need to write indifferent 3D code, Unreal was selected.

## Considering
* Contracts for interdependent apps, possibly https://nestjs.com/ .
* Codegen: yeoman-generator, plopjs, hygen, etc.
